How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

It helped me to focus only the points that there was an actual change in the
file.  So, I had much less work to do.  I had to only compare this points
and decide where the typo was.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

It will help keep track of the changes in a program.  This will make finding 
errors easier.  Also it can help reverting changes in the code that did not
work as expected.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google Docs does?

Automatically creating versions may lead to too many versions.  Versions can
also be saved at points when they are not usable i.e. when a program does
not compile.  On the other hand, saving versions manually depends on our good
judgement for when to do this and can lead to mistakes.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple 
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file 
separately?

Having multiple files in one commit is necessary when changes among different 
files are related.  This can be the case for a programming project.  On the
other hand, version generic control systems whose purpose is saving stand-alone
files such as photos, essays etc. don't need the ability to have multiple files
in one commit.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log shows a summary of th changes made at each version, provided that a
good comment was provided for each case.  Git diff shows the differences 
between two different version.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

We can be more 'brave' when making these changes knowing that previous versions
of the code are easily accessible.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to try git on a new programming project I am working on.
